1.	When referring to vendor lock-in, what is  usually the underlining concern? 
	Switching costs

2.	What are the three cloud deployment models?
	Cloud, on premises, hybrid

3.	Which of the following are common objections to cloud adoption? [Select THREE.]
	Skills gap
	Increased cost
	Loss of control or visibility

4.	Which AWS Cloud Value Framework pillars tend to drive the most substantial business value for
customers over time? [Select THREE.]
	Operational resilience
	Staff productivity
	Business agility

5.	What can customers typically expect when it comes to cost savings over time?
	Customers’ cloud efficiency will improve through various optimizations, even with increased cloud usage. 

6.	What are the best practices when engaging AWS teams? [Select THREE.]
	Own the opportunity and communicate opportunity status often
	Articulate unique value, such as proven solutions and industry expertise
	Demonstrate solution alignment to customer objectives

7.	What is cloud computing?
	On-demand delivery of IT resources over the internet with pay-as-you-go pricing

8.	Where can organization see the greatest business benefits when modernizing? [Select THREE.] 
	Increased efficiency of developers
	Increased business agility
	Improved return on investment (ROI) and reduction of total cost of ownership (TCO)

9.	Customers can realize substantial business value by using AWS services. What are the four pillars of the AWS Cloud Value Framework?
	Cost savings, staff productivity, operational resilience, and business agility

10.	How does operational resilience contribute to business value on AWS? [Select THREE.]
	Improved security
	Reduced unplanned outages
	Increased availability

11.	What segments are considered Public Sector by AWS Sales? 
	Government, Education, Nonprofit, Healthcare 

12.	What should AWS Partners discuss when a customer has a concern about data security?
	AWS Security Standard and Compliance Certifications 

13.	Which of the following examples demonstrate increased staff productivity after migrating to AWS? [Select TWO.]
	Server admins can manage more virtual machines after migration
	Infrastructure staff eliminates time spent on hardware installation and maintenance

14.	Which pillar of the AWS Cloud Value Framework is often the initial focus for customers considering a cloud migration?
	Cost savings   


15.	What are the primary teams involved in co-selling with AWS? [Select THREE.]
	AWS Marketplace team 
	AWS Partner team
	AWS Sales team

16.	How does business agility contribute to business value on AWS? [Select TWO.]
	Getting products and features to market faster 
	Increased experimentation

17.	When is a Partner-originated and led opportunity ready to be submitted to the APN Customer Engagements (ACE) Program? [Select THREE]
	There is a clear project description with how your company’s solution(s) addresses customer requirements 
	There is customer consent to share the opportunity details with AWS 
	It is an active opportunity with a target close date in the future

18.	What topic becomes an opportunity for discussion when a customer is concerned about the cost of cloud?
	AWS cost optimization 

19.	How does AWS Sales refer to a customer that is in the early phases of AWS adoption? 
	Greenified
